feature/team (#7)
cslant/telegram-git-notifier-docs: prologue/event-availability/github.md

|                                                                                                                                         | :white_check_mark: [Created](https://docs.github.com/en/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads?actionType=created#star)                                    | Occurs when a user stars a repository.                                            |
|                                                                                                                                         | :white_check_mark: [Deleted](https://docs.github.com/en/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads?actionType=deleted#star)                                    | Occurs when a user unstars a repository.                                          |

> | :white_square_button: **[Team](https://docs.github.com/en/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads#team)**                                  | :arrow_heading_down:                                                                                                                                     | Occurs when a team is added or modified on a repository.                          |

Reviewer: @hokhacminhtri please update  the event too
```suggestion
| :white_check_mark: **[Team](https://docs.github.com/en/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads#team)**                                  | :arrow_heading_down:                                                                                                                                     | Occurs when a team is added or modified on a repository.                          |
```
